Edits: aria-valuetext (#11774)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/attributes/aria-valuetext/index.md

## Description

> Numbers, even percentages, aren't always user-friendly.Assistive technologies present [`aria-valuenow`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-valuenow) as numeric values. If a `progressbar` is at 8%, what does that mean?  The `aria-valuetext` provides a way of presenting the current value in a more user-friendly, human-understandable way. For example, a battery meter value might be conveyed as `aria-valuetext="8% (34 minutes) remaining"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numbers — even percentages — aren't always user-friendly. Assistive technologies present [`aria-valuenow`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-valuenow) as numeric values. If a progress bar is at 8%, what does that mean? `aria-valuetext` provides a way of presenting the current value in a more user-friendly, human-understandable way. For example, a battery meter value might be conveyed as `aria-valuetext="8% (34 minutes) remaining"`.
```

The `aria-valuetext` attribute is used with the `aria-valuenow` attribute, not instead of it, unless that value is not known.

> The `aria-valuetext` is only needed when the numeric value of `aria-valuenow` is not meaningful. For example, a range's values are numeric but may be used for non-numeric values such as college class level. The values of `aria-valuenow` for a 4-year college could range from 1 through 4, which indicate the position of each value in the value space. In this case, the `aria-valuetext` would be one of the strings: "first year", "sophmore", "junior", and "senior". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aria-valuetext` is only needed when the numeric value of `aria-valuenow` is not meaningful. For example, a range's values are numeric but may be used for non-numeric values, such as college class level. The values of `aria-valuenow` for a 4-year college could range from 1 through 4, which indicate the position of each value in the value space. In this case, the `aria-valuetext` could be one of the strings: "first year", "sophomore", "junior", and "senior". 
```
